# Meeting log: 12-2-2018

## discussion points
- adding folders should be done
  - explain issue of windows vs linux/mac file system.
  - explain solution

- discuss that testing should start!!
  - should start testing now (and will **help build the functional requirements**)

- discuss documentation
  - refactoring can leave to the end
    - don't want to build a large tech debt...
  - java docs for quick documentation. (developer documentation)

- discuss build tools (maven vs ant vs gradle)
  - **should refractor to suit this first**
  - what build tools would be more beneficial
    - allows easier developer installation.
    - maybe talk if this can be used for user installation?

------

## plan for the next meeting
- getting files functionality (should be kind of easy... lets see if this can be done quickly)
- IPNS functionality
  - + .ipvc validations.
- Report and literature review (I have really been leaving it to last...)

- talk about if there is enough time to do server side implementation
  - HTTP/IPFS server (so clients can call IPFS commands by HTTP PUT/GET).

- talk about if there is enough time to do web app
  - probably not!
